Real moments. Real people. Real love.

Lifestyle sessions focus on documenting your family doing normal, every day things because I believe that there is beauty in those sometimes mundane activities. Lifestyle sessions are all about the little in-between moments because 20 years from now, you might not remember all the cute and silly things your kids did. They’re all about fun, laughter, smiles, games, and tight bear-hugs, because those moments are what it’s all about. Lifestyle sessions are about life, your life because no matter how messy, loud, and chaotic life gets, it’s still authentically beautiful.


Locations 

Often Lifestyle sessions take place in your home, because this is probably where you spend most of you time as a family. It allows you and your kids to feel more relaxed and comfortable during your session because you get to be your usual silly selves in your normal environment! Your kids can play with their favorite toys and you can play your favorite family games. Do you enjoy creating crafts or love baking as a family? These are thing that I can document during your lifestyle session, memories that you will be able to hold on to even as your children grow up and your family expands and changes.

While most Lifestyle sessions take place in your home, they don’t have to! Does your family have a favorite picnic spot? Or do you love eating at a special ice cream parlor or cafe? These are things we can document during your lifestyle session as well!


Are Lifestyle Sessions just for families?

Of course not! A lot of families choose to do them but that doesn’t mean that couples and individuals can’t do them as well! Do you and your sweetheart have a favorite hang out? Do you love cooking together? If you’re a senior, do you have a favorite cafe? Do you love playing music in the park? We can make any session into a lifestyle session!


Still not convinced? Here are some testimonies :)

We had a great time during our lifestyle session with Amilia. My kids hate having their picture taken so this was great- Amilia took pictures while we played games and played outside. My oldest hates everything, and even she had fun. Amilia is very sweet and patient with my kids even as they said her name a million times, “Hey Amilia watch this…” She even got some snap shots of the family dog, Killer. I was a bit worried about having the house clean but it all went smoothly and worked out in the end. I would do it again! This is our third session with Amilia and she never disappoints us. –Michelle Lindsey

Amilia James is a naturally gifted and very talented photographer.  We could not more highly recommend her. Her gentle, unassuming manner set our family at ease, and we instantly felt comfortable being photographed.  We have two little ones, and one in particular takes a while to warm up to new people.  However, as soon as we met Amilia, it was as if our children had known her forever – they were so excited to have their pictures taken the entire photo shoot!  We are so grateful for Amilia!  She really was able to capture our family in a most beautiful way.  She has a great understanding of light and a unique eye for composition.  We now have pictures that we will treasure forever as well as some really special and unique pieces of art that came out of our lifestyle session. – Angel Brown